# Crossroads_Datathon
Despite the growing push in the financial industry to provide almost fully digital platforms, there remains a tremendous need for physical locations to provide full-service assistance and great customer service. At Teachers Credit Union (TCU), we strive to make every interaction between our members and team members as seamless as possible. One tremendous consideration in financial member service is having enough cash on hand at a branch to serve the member’s needs. On the surface, this may seem like a simple math problem. However, throw in weekly deliveries, costs of special/urgent deliveries, the economy, special community events, and ebbs and flows of members’ financial needs, and you have a much less “simple” problem to solve.

The problem becomes more complex as our organization adds new locations with unique needs, new members, different cash-on-hand limits, and ever-changing regulations with regards to banking and cash management. Teachers Credit Union (TCU) is committed to being the best in-store member service experience it can be, and it starts with the logistics of providing enough cash. We operate 60 branches across Indiana and Michigan, with over 300,000 members interacting with us both digitally and in-person.

TCU is challenging the Indiana Crossroads Classic student community to build a model that more accurately forecasts daily branch cash usage. The current method of ordering cash to replenish the branch involves team members viewing how much cash is on hand, comparing that to last year's usage in the current time frame, and estimating the need for the next week. We are excited to see how a model could better ensure that the amount of cash on hand accurately reflects the amount that members need in a given week. Caution! Too much cash-on-hand will put you over the branch’s cash limit, but not enough cash will cause an expensive “special order” between normal deliveries. We want our team members to feel confident that what is predicted is reasonable and a good starting point for their weekly order.
